[7.9] [DOCS] Adds filter aggregation example link to painless examples (#61890) (#61903)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/transform/painless-examples.asciidoc

== Counting HTTP responses by using scripted metric aggregation

You can count the different HTTP response types in a web log data set by using 

> scripted metric aggregation as part of the {transform}. You can achieve the same 

Author: ```suggestion
scripted metric aggregation as part of the {transform}. You can achieve a similar 
```
